Matt Wang: Hey everyone this is MTV. Welcome to my crib. Today we're going to be touring our guest Tim okie in his crib, a small segment, he's going to tell us a little bit about
Matt Wang: How you can use figure out which is a free design tool. I'm sure he'll tell you much more about it to create a design your own mockups for your web apps and always like to. Okay, take it away. Okay. Alright.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So hi, guys, I'm tomoaki and I'm the ACM design president
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And like Matt said, I'm going to show you guys how to, I'm going to show you guys the basics of thing. But today, so first things first, you want to go to Google.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And type in sigma or want to use Duck Duck go that's up to you but so for sigma. It's a free software. So you can just search it up on Google and
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Make an account and login or you can use your Google account to login but works which I really like sinking as it kind of give a thumbs up if you guys aren't like logged into mine ready to go.
Matt Wang: I also believe if you use your UCLA email you get like free things so I think
Matt Wang: I think
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: We have Canada okay though like unless you really want to use like really advanced features for the most part, like the free version like for completely fine. It's pretty feature rich
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you do if you did login you should see this screen right here. It's like a bunch of they call these boards.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So again, if you guys are ready, giving a thumbs up on the screen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Again, most of you are in person.
Matt Wang: While we wait to look at you. So talk a little bit about the alternatives to sigma and maybe why you like sigma or for stuff like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh yeah, that's actually a good question. I'm crushing the point
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So I think there's a lot of
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Software is to make graphics and thing was one of them. But one big key element or feature of sigma is that it's browser based so you don't have to install any software to
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Get started. You can just like log into Google or walk into any web browser and get started. There is a desktop version but
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's not that different. The web version works perfectly fine, whereas other software is like Adobe Illustrator, or like was that called escape. You have to download it and it's kind of heavy sometimes
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And another thing about languages. That's completely free. There are like paid options, but the free version like again really feature rich for like nine 9% of time. It works completely fine.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And the third advantage of sigma is that it's really cared towards web design. So if you are using thing much make like web mockups
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's really easy because a lot of the features like kind of optimized for making like websites you know like dragging text box and making web pages, stuff like that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But if I want to make like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Graph, like say like AI presentation that also works because it's really another key feature thing was, that's really easy to make, graphics, I'll get into details later but compared to software as like Illustrator. It's really intuitive to like make
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Nice pretty graphs and shapes.
Matt Wang: Very good. Sounds good. I think everyone has a fake account now so we can get back on track.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You guys all see the screen, should it looks more or less like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so I think out of the top left, there's this place called graphs to put on plus next to it. It should create a new file. So you can just choose the blank canvas, because, you know, wanna fresh blank slate.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You guys all see the screen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Alright, so one thing first thing I want to do is make a canvas. So what do you see right here. It's just like a blank a blank screen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And you can't, if you like, say, make a square here. You can't really export this to export something which you
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: obviously want to do at a later point, you first need to define a canvas, and that's where you actually put in your graphs and like export it out. So if you go to the top left, there's this thing. They're just tool right here. It's called, it's called frame.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Keep mixing up the terminology with like web and they've mine Illustrator. So, so if I get that mixed up. But it's called frame. So if you drag it out like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You get a frank. Do y'all. Y'all see this
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So this is where usually make your graphics will say if you're making a website, you will usually make this you know 1920 pixels centrality pixels, because that's the size of a full HD computer screen, or if you're making like a flyer. Yo, make it the same size as a for
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: printing paper.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And let's see, use
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Let's just make it a square for now because I think that's a pretty standard size.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And for the most part the controls are pretty similar to PowerPoint. So if you ever use PowerPoint before it. You like know how to use 50% of thing that's like the cool part about Finland like pretty intuitive.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you click on the friend you see on the top left, it says like frame one. So if you put anything into fifth month it's all going to be listed out here, which is going to be kind of important later on we have like a lot of objects in your screen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So let's see. Let's see. I think a good start is to make a star. I think that's what icon. The other a simple design President likes to do when he gives sigma tutorials to other people.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so I'm gonna go the top toolbar again.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And you guys see this toy. It looks like a pen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: If you click on that and make sure it's pan. There's another thing called pencil. But for now I want to use pen so you should see this pencil popular. I like the mouse turns into a little pen so click on that, you can start dragging lines like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So for now, this is the first you know object, we're making. So let's keep it simple. Just make a star like this.
And there
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You guys see this
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Kind of hard to keep track of like progress because I only see my own screen.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But if you've made the start I can click on done at the top left system.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you click on done, they'll turn into a full fledged object which you can like drag around and resize again it's mostly like PowerPoint. So it's, yeah, it's almost exactly the same.
Matt Wang: Loki. I've got a question for you. I don't know that much about design is what you made like a JPEG or like an image or is it something else.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, thank you for asking that. Yeah, I should have clarified it for. So, sigma is a tool that makes something called vector art.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So what that means is, let's say the star right here. The status, you got here.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, so before that. Do you guys know the difference between pixel and vector images.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay so uh
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So pixel images are what it sounds like it's images make made up a bunch of little dots with pixels.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like most photos you take on your phone or like a camera are like pixel based whereas a vector image. So in the example. So in the case of the star. How it works is the computer records a point for every one of these vertices
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And also records that between like save this and this mercy, there's an edge between this in this there's an edge. I can serve according individual pixels on the image and records like the edges and the vertices of the object.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So what that means is when you zoom in, what the computer does it RE. RE renders the entire image. Every time you like route around zoom in.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So theoretically, this thing as independent resolutions, because again, this isn't us pixels that only records like the vertices and edges.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you zoom and I'll just like re render the based on the vertices and edges or just re render everything you can see like, I'm really zoomed in right now, but you still see that really crisp edges.
Matt Wang: Just
Matt Wang: Yeah, go for it. Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And that's why it's used a lot of like web development because like you know something, especially like modern phones have like really high resolution screens.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And if he is like if he is pixel based images if he's zoom any kind of see like the little jagged edges and doesn't look pretty. Whereas if you use a vector image, it looks really Chris even on, like, really, you know, like 4K funds, that's the thing. I think it is.
Matt Wang: Yeah, just to add on to very quick things. So one is that in your
Matt Wang: Learning labs, you will probably use SVG. So to some extent, especially for going to animate squares over something or simple geometric shapes, because as smokey said we get infinite resolution.
Matt Wang: The other thing I'll point out, it's kind of out of the scope of this design in particular is that SVG are much easier to manipulate with CSS and JavaScript than images.
Matt Wang: I like a png or a JPEG or something. So, you know, my I was talking about using the transition or animation keywords for that glass animals thing you can apply
Matt Wang: Those keywords to points in an SVG, so you can like bend a shape.
Matt Wang: Or move it around or shake it or make the lines thicker or thinner, all that kind of stuff can be done with CSS animations.
Matt Wang: So if you want to animate like a Convolution Neural Network going over having the filter move or something like that. You can do that with CSS as well. If you use an SVG. So that's just another benefit of using vector based on that makes sense.
But
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Not, not only Java. I don't know what
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You guys don't know if you guys have any questions, like a shout it out cuz
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'm kind of I use like teaching this assuming, like my audience is like has like some background in design, which I don't think is really the case this time. So if you have like any confusions or questions. Yell it out now address it in you.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so we have this star, but that's okay. Everything's pretty. So if you select it. If you go to the right side. This is where you configure all the settings.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I think the main ones would be the color and the stroke. So if you go to the progress of stroke. That's basically the lines. So if you click on the black right here and make it ready can see the light turns red.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Selected again. And if you go to this part, it's like three horizontal lines, you can make it. Let's say it's like 40 they'll make. Oh my god, don't make the line really thick.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And if you go this route which is spelled right now. It doesn't have anything enabled. So let's click on the plus
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And as you can see an ad out of bells is kinda like the bucket tool sort of
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Let's make this a easily distinguishable color red
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Or blue
Okay.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So those are the basic settings and you'll also if I should go into it, but there are like kind of like web development specific settings like alignment.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But I think it's not really well done. This time around, so I kind of skipped over it, but
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Basically these are kind of settings that are really useful if you're making like web mockups if you want like the line shapes like specific aspects of constraints in alignment. These are like again web specific settings.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So let me get into the editing the vector images. So the thing I mentioned earlier how it's like really intuitive to make images and
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'll show you what I mean. So if I can get it right.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So you're gonna toolbar and click on this little arrow that's like the basic selection tool. So if you click on that and click on the star again if you double click it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It'll go into this mode waking mode working individually edit diversity, like this. So do you guys see this
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Working as do it on your computer.
MAYA RAMAN: How do you do it again.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, so say let's go back to the default. Make sure you have the selection tool selected.
And double click on the object.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And easy way to tell you is to see like he sees a little circles on the vertices
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: That's how you can tell us again like that at the moment.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I don't know what this mode is called I think an illusion. It's called like are now in blender. It's called like
Matt Wang: an illustrator sculpt direct selection. So I think it's something like that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Now,
Matt Wang: Because you're modifying the individual anchor points right
Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I don't know why the number terminologies and blender.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So once you have that, you can click on the pencil again.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And when you actually do is if you click on the vertices or one of the vertices and click on another bird is a vertex
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can add a line like this and it seems like a really basic features, but a basic feature, but a lot of other software is don't allow you to do this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's because most offers force you to make lines like a complete, I can only work. Sorry, I'm choking that
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can't like have vertices that have more than two edges.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And most offers, but did my allows you to do that. So right this note right here has three edges think my allows you to do that. And that also allows you to do interesting things I can go right here. Do you guys see like this square everything the bottom half build
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: To click on that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can like select individual areas to decide which area.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Has like the paint vilified so right now I just put this film this part has the gray Phil applied American blues. It's easier. See
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: See this fight has the blue field, but this parts like empty.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that means if I put like a square over it. You can't see the grey square because this perhaps the blue fail. But despite empty user can see the girl behind it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So let's actually do something a bit more practical. And by the way, if you click on it and click on an object and hit delete it should delete it. Let me go back.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you're in the direct edit mode. Like I said that right. If you click on a vertex and hit delete it will do delete like an individual vertex. But if you double click on the background kind of exit the direct edit mode.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: If you click on the whole object and hit delete it will delete the whole thing again. It's like pretty much like PowerPoint.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so let's do something bit more interesting. So I think you guys, can you show us to stay with me i right
NISHA MCNEALIS: Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: By the time he can work while those
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Diagrams that describe like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Deep Neural network with like bunch of players like stacked on top of each other.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So there's several ways to do that. So one way. Let's first off, make a square. So, if you go to the top for login. There is a rectangle tool. You can drag a rectangle like that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And by default rectangles don't have any like outlines and it's like just plain gray and white change that. Just click on the rectangle, go to the right.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's actually set the bill to
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: To click on the square right here.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I look drop down. Click on actually let's keep it the solid
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: To go down here, there's this part. So if you set it all the way down like this, they'll make it completely transparent.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And then go to this party was a stroke.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Click on the plus to add outline that should make like a black outline
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Let's kind of resize it a bit like this.
Hold on.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so if you click on the rectangle. It's kind of hard to click on it, because you can't really click in the middle you have to click on the line, because we made the middle part transparent to click on the wine and press on all or I'm on a Windows computer. So I don't know.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I should not let's not use shortcut keys because if you guys are like on max. It's not really going to apply. Well, so if you click on the rectangle, right click
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And hold on.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Should be a duplicate
Use a mouse.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I was just shocked that he said kind of forget the menu. Sometimes that's just copy paste
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you have slightly rectangle and take control C or I think command C and Max.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Can control the
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's kind of hard to tell. But if you move it a car, you'll have to rectangles. Now,
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So what we want to do is place this right on top of the first rectangle
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And kind of shrink it down like this.
I'm just going to adjust the size a little
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yeah, that's there you go.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So again, if you double click on the double rectangle, you go into the edit mode and what it can do is can select the top two vertices, like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: If you drag while holding shirt. I think that's the same across Mac and Windows. You can can drag it across like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So I guess you guys can kind of tell where this is going.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And who I just realized this is not that pretty
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay. So as you guys probably noticed this part needs kind of a week. So we're going to fix that. So, double click on the bottom rectangle
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And against what the top two vertices, like this, and can drag it down.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And that I should kind of stole it slowly, but sort of better
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Or actually hold on, I just realized a better way, like the fig my way to do this would be to delete sorry delete the bottom rectangle
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: If you double click on the top rectangle and go to the pen tool.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can click on this part right here. The bottom vertex
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And can draw a rectangle like this. Is it working.
It's working.
Something's wrong.
Sorry.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh no, it's not working. Why
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh wait.
Matt Wang: Are we trying to build an IKEA table.
Matt Wang: Yeah, basically. That's good.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, sorry.
Hurt.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, sorry. So go back to the step. Double click on this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Click on the pencil drag a rectangle like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I see a cons of better at the market seems like the design president but he said he's going to come with us and for some reason we're so to click on this little diamond and click on this part, you'll see it adds the line.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I'm going to do some adjustments again.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You kind of start can see it starting to take shape.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I'm going to copy this again copy and paste it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: On video is going to put this right here.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'm actually going to use it. I'm just going to use it as a guideline. So if I double click on this again and go back to the Pen Tool today. Apply the pencil correctly for like I did it, but it works.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can grab a line like this connect direct here.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And use the diamond thing again. I know what this is called actually
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Paint Bucket.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So okay, so if I delete this. You can see like a typical deep neural network diagram block.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'm kind of surprised. Like, how many people don't do this. I know like this research lab that my friend was in and they instead of making graph like this. They like express everything is in late tech and it was like so hard to follow through.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You guys have this right here, because any advice or anything.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Thumbs up or down.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Alright, cool.
MAYA RAMAN: Is there a way to make your frame bigger after you
MAYA RAMAN: Like already established it
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I mean like the size of this walking or the spring and so
MAYA RAMAN: The frame itself like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, yes. Oh, it's the same as any shape you can just click on the frame, you have to click on like the edge of the thing like this and then you can just resize it like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I go move
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: On although this is a good time to kind of introduce you to this part. So if you select like a square like any circle or any object.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can manually specify the size. So if you go to the process. W. That's the with. So if I said that three to 500 so exactly 500 pixels wide, I said the height of 500 sets of 500 by 500 pixel frame. Now,
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And this is kind of worn if you export the export this to like a web. Web site or something because you know you don't want to make sure your image like the right size.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Technically sizes and matters. It's vector, but it's just good practice to make it like, actually, it's good practice to make it five fault because we're seeing is people
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I fall by 512
Matt Wang: Yeah, the size will matter if you don't change the SVG size with your code. So I would recommend pick a reasonable size. That doesn't make the
Matt Wang: Thing. Too bad if things don't work properly because some people disable JavaScript on their browsers. And we'll talk about that in our accessibility workshop, but just keep that in mind. So don't make it like super, super big. It'll that crab interest rates.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Based on my experience it's usually between like 256 five to 56 to like 2056 by 2056 I think the river. That's a reasonable range for a size of an image, our website.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay. So I think we have this block now. So one thing we actually want to do is click on it and go to fill and click on the plus
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And let's fill it. Wait, and you'll see why in a moment.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I feel a copy and paste or not. If you guys use a Windows, but I at least on Windows. You can hold out and drag and all the duplicate it like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can just hold all and drag it and I like automatically duplicate duplicate it
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And now we got this like really
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Savvy getting on network diagram.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Artists know this is like my compositional neural network, but whatever.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It gets the point through
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So you guys have this. So let's say we want to add another layer that's smaller one way to do that would obviously be to just drink it, but
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Doesn't look right because not only the height and width, but that is also shrunken so it looks like kind of off. So we don't want to do that. Instead, what we want to do is go and double click on it, go into edit mode again.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Kind of manual
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Manually shrunk it like this or like, hold on. That's not a good way. So he called shipments like vertices. You can select multiple, multiple things at once. So then you can just shrink it down at this and that kind of
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Shrinks that vertically and horizontally, but not in the z axis. So it looks like more right
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And if there's like a formal way to do this, but that this works. There you go.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Actually I want opinions on opinion from an AI person. Is this, like, like a reasonable AI diagram.
MAYA RAMAN: That's pretty good.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So let's try to make this into a Convolution Neural networks.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So what I'm going to do is if you guys ever seen like Deseret probably seen it if you'd like. Like diagrams on Convolution Neural networks, there's like a little
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Bit like a beam coming out from like a bigger layer like a small leg can express how convolution that works out of the maker soon, so I'm going to try to do that here. So I'm going to use the pencil again and kind of make this sort of thing.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And by default, the color of the outline in the Phil is going to be the same as whatever object to touch the last and this case like you know white Phil and like black outline it looks
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It kinda like blends into much with the background. It's hard to see. So we're going to change it. So the stroke, let's actually get rid of the stroke and make the bill like bluish white, blue, that's a pretty reasonable color.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I'm not office at the passage. That's how like transparent is I'm going to say it's like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: It's like 35 percentage or that's too late. Thank you, like 40 50%
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So it looks like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Actually going to make this a bit smaller think it's still shooting.
MAYA RAMAN: Way I can just select these three this
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You're doing something wrong.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I really have to review my stuff.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But I think visual wise, it's okay.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Obviously, that's not enough. So I'm just going to add another
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Object use the pen tool again and
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Make it look like this.
MAYA RAMAN: How did you make that green shape because when I tried to do stuff like. It's not letting me
MAYA RAMAN: Fill
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So, so first things first, make sure you double click on the background and like D select all objects.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And then click on the pencil up here and I'm just gonna make like a random ship just shot example.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Make sure you close the loop like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And once you have this, go to the settings on the right and source a stroke a click on the minus sign that gets rid of the stroke.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And then click on the plus sign next to Bill and that adds like a film kind of fills in the color and then you can just set it to any color transparent, whatever.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'm doing
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Something do the same for this.
Also completely filled
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: There you go.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I think I made it too late, but I can still see
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: There's a quick job. So I'm not going to spend hours trying to optimize everything
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like I feel like this is not how Convolution Neural networks work.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh well, but it gets the point through
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Do you guys have this. Any questions.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Alright, so
Matt Wang: Very wait I was
Matt Wang: Like a not have no let's
Matt Wang: Take a bit and see if we can use it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yeah. Do you, I gave you guys have any questions.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Stefan in part.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, and I forgot. So sometimes you'll notice that, like, let's say that you want this to be like in the front like you want this to be like above the green this thing.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: About right now it's behind it sort of takes that there's several ways. But you see this part. This is where this comes in handy.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So to make this rectangle, like the front most thing and the image you want to drag it up. So it's right here and you'll see now it's above this green projection. So it looks like. Correct.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: There's also a shortcut keys. But again, I'm not going to go too much into certain keys. I think it just confuses people, but if you show them the keys on the first time.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So yeah, that's how it's supposed to be. Let me just this. They go, beautiful.
MAYA RAMAN: So in order for you to be able to fellowship, it has to have it has to be closed off.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I mean, I actually check because it was like pretty
Matt Wang: Know, yeah, it has to be closed off.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But in general, it's just good practice nature like close objects.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And actually double check. That's good question. Actually can I fill
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: No, you can't. Yeah, you have to like close off. Make like a loop to fill objects. Yeah.
Matt Wang: The underlying code like he took he will tell you in a moment that you can export this as code or as an asset, who doesn't support on clothes shapes and fill. So you have to like basically follow what the SVG spec lets you do
Matt Wang: Also just mindful of time I originally thought was going to be 30 minutes I guess this is going to turn them on to an hour.
Matt Wang: If you could also, I know we should probably talk cover exporting this and maybe some other properties but also if we could do a quick run through of like some general web design mockups you had like when you were doing the reverb. For example, we know like landing page now.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I think I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to choose.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: One, I think.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Either like export and stuff like general web design.
Matt Wang: Export is really easy, right, you just select the asset export asset export sizes.
Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: She is just do that and like a minute.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So if you click on the frame like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Choose whichever one you want to export and click on it and go to this toolbar. Again, there's a park called export.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: hit the plus
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So this is if you want to export as an image.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Or a PDF or SVG or JPEG, but usually an image so you can select like the size and the format and you get like expert fame one. I'll just
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: export it. It's probably not showing up on the screen share but if you click on the data image you can see this thing. I just made as like a PNG image.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'll tell it to X. Yeah. So another thing I think Matt just mentioned, you can export as a code. So if you select like an object. And if you go to the sidebar and click on the part that says code.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You can actually see this object as like CSS code.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So this is pretty useful if you want to like export this into the website. You don't have to like me code. I think you just like throwing everything
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: From the object then throw like copy and paste this code, code. Now, just like show up on the website, as I see it right here. It's pretty convenient.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Though I've never seen anyone actually use that feature personally because, like, a lot of times you actually want to optimize the code like your specific website, but it's just good to know in case you want to, you know, just make a website, real quick.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that's actually the basics of the shapes like you guys at least know enough to make your own pretty AI diagram. So I'm going to go to the web development.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: aspect. So let's see if I can pull up. I'm actually going to pull up the official ACM rebrand that's going on right now. See if I can find it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Or to go rebranding I go
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: He's seen the brain and
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Version two
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Phases now it's a different one.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so this is like a work in progress, but I think it's a good like a template, like a basic war on web design.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So actually I'm going to make a new fresh new frame, just for the sake of this tutorial.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So I'm going to drag a frame. Again, like right next to it is roughly the same size of this mock up
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And usually, I've seen some people make like frames like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And if they want to have like a website with a lot of content they like do like this, but I personally think it's kind of inefficient because you have like a bunch of gaps and it's not hard to make designs, it's usually easier to just have like one really tall frame like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So I think we have like 15 minutes I see how much I can crunch in here.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so let's see.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'm going to pull up like a
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: reference image. I'm going to use to try to make this go quick.
Long bit
This
Is
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, so let's say you're making like a front page like really generic fun page was like the name of your website be like a one sentence catchphrase, and like an image.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: A
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: While you want to first thing you want to do is make sure like sufficient margins. So one thing I see a lot of beginner people do is like they when they see like a frame.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: They think it's like free real estate and try to fill up everything like the film like the whole web page with content, but you really don't want to do that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: You won't have like sufficient margins and I'm going to skip over like a lot of advanced features. I think it's going to take you on but
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: When easy what issues make like a rectangle like this to kind of give yourself like a visual margin. So this, you really don't want to put anything in this region.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So, let's say, click on the T right here that's text, they can
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Drag a text box like this and just start typing like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Well, welcome.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And if you go to the right tool bar. There's like options for text. I'm going to make the font, no big enough to can see it. So make you like 48
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I'm going to drag in an image.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So, so if you want to add an image, you can just go to Google and like let's say a message of cat.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And just like right click on any image hit copy image and hit paste
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'll just pop in like this. That's another nice thing about that much, really easy to copy and paste me just from my Google, you actually can't do that and like elephant or you can but it's like really unstable.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I think Miles like just copy and paste from Google and boom, you have something
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that's that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So another really common thing you want to watch it. When you do design is to want to watch up online. And, like, one thing I see
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Again with like why beginners that people just kind of put stuff, wherever they wanted to, but in general, things look really nice when things are perfectly aligned. Like, for example, in this case I align this text.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: With this cat image like this. I think vertically aligned
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And also spacing, that's another really important thing. So I'm going to make sure that the spacing between the text and the left border is like roughly the same as like the space between the cat image in the right order.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'd be more like complicate example of this is this website. I'm working on right now. That's actually my
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Portfolio site. I forgot to work on this. So let me turn something on,
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: To see this great right here. This is what I'm using like managed spacing. So again, this the red line is like used to manage spacing out alignment.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So might look like things are like randomly placed over, but if you use the credit can see that things are like aligned with the grid.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: To give it more organization.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And again, like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like I just said earlier, you want have one how like sufficient sufficient spacing between text and images.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like it let's say if I
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: cram everything together like this, again, this is something a lot of beginners, do they like when they write up reports like my see a lot of people like right academic reports like their page looks like this. Like all the text and image like crammed
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Into the whole page.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But that just makes it really hard to follow like the text. It's really hard to see what you're supposed to
Matt Wang: See what what academic reports they read and they look like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So I'm in this research right now.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I was there I was, I was
Matt Wang: I was like, kind of joking, but like the text span. I
Matt Wang: Read that like in general things could be more readable something to think about as well when we're making a learning lab right
Matt Wang: We're not only just teaching college students who are used to reading papers or people like to smoke using the lab right
Matt Wang: We're now marketing towards high schoolers who don't want more homework and stuff like that. So things like adding margin giving space, making the page not feel crowd is probably going to be even at a larger premium than normal because of the audience that we're working
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yeah, that's probably the reason why. Well, to be fair, I'm one of those people that use a lot of white like spacing between text and images I know Hong Kong was like I should just call him the other president. He was like, haha classic to milky white space. And I was like, okay.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So yeah, sometimes they kind of say like my design tends to use a lot of space, but so this is kind of an extreme end of like using spaces, but this is kind of what you want to do. I have sufficient space in between things
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Let me turn off the grid because it's kind of annoying to see it is, how does it mean design.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So we actually kind of scroll through the website. You can see the top. So another important concept design is something called hierarchy.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So and sigmoid this image for now just focus on the text. So in this case, see how this pattern that header. The first thing you want to see.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Is like really big and it's bold and this little introduction I wrote is like smaller font lighter color.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So what that does is it net people naturally read this part first. Hello and welcome. And then they go to. I'm currently a senior at UCLA study computer science, blah, blah, blah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So again, hierarchy. This is another important concept, you want to use like font sizes and colors to kind of direct people's order of how they see things and this case again, people are naturally see this verse, which is how it's supposed to be. Because it's like a hello
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And then they read this, which is like a short intro me
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And same thing for this page like first they're supposed to see this, like, so what can I do. And then below it in a smaller font and like a lighter color. I say, Oh, I can do this and this and that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Same thing here, like languages, what languages can I do, I can do this language that language, blah, blah, blah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I really makes it really easy to fall like fall through the website.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Okay, and
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: This is like a might be just me, but one thing I really want to, kind of, like, make a point here is that one thing I see a lot of people do is they for some reason. Some people love making like all the texts like center line. So let me demonstrate. What I mean by that.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So they align the text like this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Or they make the spacing really small, like they kind of like right text on a website as if they're writing like a report on a word like Microsoft Word. And let me show you what I mean.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So when I see a lot of like beginner web developers make text on their website, the lot of times they write it like this. Again, like, it looks exactly like a
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Microsoft Word text like single spaced black font like really tight, but this is, you know, this isn't Microsoft Microsoft. Where do you have like lot more freedom over how you
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Design your text. And not only does this look kind of ugly, but it's also like actually hard to lead.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And again, like Matt said like when you're trying to convince like you know high schoolers at their home. That's like three feet away from the PlayStation. You really want to make sure your types like website, it really easy to follow. So they like their state constitution law. Sorry.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: They still constitute a lot longer.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So, one tip I have is to make the texts not pure black but likes lightly grayish
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And then add more space and like not double space but and make my like 1.7 space.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I usually like to keep the text left aligned
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So when I was like, following the text when it's like center line, what's going to happen is when you reach down this another line and you try to go back to the beginning of the next line like every line has a different beginning point. So you kind of have to like
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: But kind of try to find where the next line begins. And it sounds like a really minor thing. But when you have like hundreds of wine, like, you know, people we read a lot through like a whole website that happens over and over a candle timeline.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that's out of the way.
MAYA RAMAN: So how do you, is there a way to easily. I know that I'm like sigma allows you to convert it to CSS. So would you do that for this website or would you write your own and then just use this as a guide.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So definitely, again, it's definitely possible to export the CSS. Again, if you click on let's say select this front page area. It's like everything. If you go to code, you can see the CSS for this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So this is like everything you need to render this web page and there
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: There's actually a lot of advanced features that allows you to like just export this thing as like a full fledged website, which I don't think I have time now.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: After like a glimpse of it. So I think there was actually a big my where we practice that within HCM design. Let's see if I can find it real quick.
Matt Wang: Just say very quickly though, in terms of how you implement that feature yourself. So there's a line height property and CSS and that changes the line height that we talk about that gives your texts more space.
Matt Wang: The one thing I'll say against figure exporting it's super convenient. I definitely recommend it if you're like short on time, but the positioning
Matt Wang: Is just hard to do programmatically really well like mentally. If you have watched the videos that we've talked about CSS grid and flex box and these dynamic responsive ways that you can position stuff on your screen.
Matt Wang: Versus with fatemeh so far, we haven't covered advanced features like you ports yet so everything is static Lee attached to the page.
Matt Wang: So if you resize the browser window or if someone's using a phone. Instead, we haven't really coded that ourselves. So no matter what you do, unless you use those advanced
Matt Wang: Features you either should export and edit or just implemented yourself because there are other things that we still need to consider and like accessibility. For example, we haven't talked about
Matt Wang: image alt text yet or, you know, semantic stuff like that but sorry about that. I think today is the question kind of my
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Go.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: On. Let me try to find it.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Oh, it's probably the least since
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I can't find I'm just gonna give up. But see if I can see
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Hold on.
There's
Matt Wang: I guess. In the meantime, while notifies the file just like a quick recap, and how this is relevant for us. So hopefully you've actually picked up two valuable skills today. The first is just some basic graphic design stuff.
Matt Wang: So if there are relatively simple graphics that you want to have
Matt Wang: For your Convolution Neural Network demo or a filter demo or some diagram, you should be able to make them yourselves. Now obviously if there's like a really good one. You can find online, it's free to use just use that. But now you have a lot of freedom there.
Matt Wang: And then hopefully the second nice thing is that now you've gotten a bit of a taste of how sigma can help you lay out your website.
Matt Wang: Because if you just design your website by coding it straight. You know, figuring out all this alignment stuff and making the
Matt Wang: Padding and the margin, all that kind of stuff. Great is like very tricky versus now you have very easy tools and make it easy for you to prototype your website. Like, share it with your friends. You know, go back and forth with me and urgent.
Matt Wang: And figure. It fits exactly what you want without having to code everything and then once we do this step.
Matt Wang: Then we'll actually implemented with code. And I think you'll find that it's really easy to implement this with code. Once you visually know that it's going to look them because at least for me, that's the hardest part of making this stuff.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So here's the part where I was kind of talking about. It's a feature called auto layout to basically allows you to
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like specify like which object is like how it's related to another object. So what that means is if I like to resize this. Can you like to see how the like the bubbles like moving along with the rectangle
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that's what I decided to open this like a chat mock up on my iPad, you want to make the screen bigger, right. So you can see that automatically adjust the layout.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that kind of fits the screen more naturally. This is a feature called again. It's called auto layout. It's
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Pretty complicated. So I don't think I can explain it now, but you can kind of Google it and look into tutorials I think take them as like an official tutorial on this.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And once you do this. I think it makes it makes it a lot easier to actually export it as like an actual functional code. Yeah, you can see like I think Matt mentioned this earlier FLEX FLEX box. You can see it in the car right there.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: And I think another important thing about design is that
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like, well, I think, a really common question I get is like hey come on keep. How do you like, you know, get is there like a rule like a law.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: For like a tutorial I can be to get better at design and usually tell people as they can't really just, you know, around like one more like read one book.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Like suddenly get better at design like the best way to get better is just like, do a lot of design like just make a lot of mockups do a lot of like make a lot of graphics
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Because stuff like this like spacing. I mentioned earlier, those kind of stuff. It's really hard to like get it right.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Just kind of to gain experience and figure like look a lot of examples and kind of figure out kind of intuitively what spacing, like what layout one composition works the best. And what scenarios.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: So that's like my last bit of advice.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yeah, it takes long it takes like several years. For most people, including me.
Matt Wang: Awesome, any other questions life universe anything
NISHA MCNEALIS: I have a question. Probably more for Matt, are we trying to have any kind of like consistency among the different learning labs like should we try to base our design off the ones you've already done.
Matt Wang: That's a great question. So the short answer is no. Um,
Matt Wang: There's two kinds of consistency with these learning labs. So one is internal. So all the ones in the series should have consistency. So
Matt Wang: That it should be so much. So for example, I think all the AI one should use at least somewhat similar color schemes like probably the AI blue that that blue might change a credit to okay
Matt Wang: Yeah.
Matt Wang: Similarly, right, if you guys use the same font for your PowerPoint slides, it might make sense to use the same font.
Matt Wang: For your learning labs in terms of having this be the same as like a cyber ones. I had no not at all. Use whatever design you want
Matt Wang: Even between the teams. If you use like a starkly different design in terms of some elements like maybe your team uses a very rounded glass pane Apple style design or the other team goes for a very boxy, you know,
Matt Wang: Box shadow material design thing. It's totally fine by me. I don't really mind, as long as it's still somewhat clear that like this wasn't a CNA I think there's the blue because the stuff that smoky has on the screen.
Matt Wang: The most important thing though is that your page needs to be consistent in itself, as long as you do that.
Matt Wang: Most of the other things I think will come naturally. But you don't want to be in a situation, for example, where you switch fonts halfway through, or use too many different shades of blue or your font sizes and consistent for headings. Does that kind of answer the question.
Yeah.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Quick tip, generally it's recommended to use normal response on seem a
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Little fun fact.
Matt Wang: That's an ACM have for fonts.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Yes, we do.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: We're gonna cut that down. Don't worry.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: I'll tweet.
TOMOKI FUKAZAWA: Coding fine, it's like
Matt Wang: Any other questions life universe design anything
Matt Wang: If not, you're going to give them a YouTuber out show. Now, I want to thank you for coming out. Really appreciate it. It's always
Matt Wang: Have guest lectures and please, if you're watching our home, did you like our guest today. Comment down below. Give us some ratings. If you want to see other guests.
Matt Wang: Let us know. You know, you want to see Kevin come on and talk about iOS development.
Matt Wang: I'll send him an Uber. We'll figure it out. And also, just in general, as always, we're here to help you with this learning lab experience. If you have any questions DMS on Slack.
Matt Wang: Comment on YouTube, let me know on GitHub and we'll try to figure this out. Since this one was not written by me or Leo, we're not going to have notes.
Matt Wang: I'm going to see if I can get Zoom's auto transcribed feature to output a really crappy read me and just put that in the GitHub repo, but I will recommend people to watch this video.
Matt Wang: But yeah, that's it. Thanks for watching, smash that like button, like and subscribe, you know, get us to 1 million followers and we'll see you all tomorrow. Bye.